.DS_Store
characters.rpy
characters.rpyc
gui.rpy
gui.rpyc
options.rpy
options.rpyc
screens.rpy
screens.rpyc
script.rpy
script.rpyc
cache/bytecode-39.rpyb
cache/py3analysis.rpyb
cache/screens.rpyb
cache/shaders.txt
images/.DS_Store
images/Dj happy.PNG
images/Dj mad.png
images/Dj nervous.png
images/Dj neutral.PNG
images/Dj shock.png
images/Turan confused.PNG
images/Turan happy.PNG
images/Turan mad.PNG
images/Turan neutral.PNG
images/Turan sad.PNG
images/Turan scared.png
images/Turan shocked.PNG
images/Turan thinking.PNG
images/bg coco bathroom.png
images/bg cocoscary.png
images/bg games.png
images/bg insidecoco.png
images/bg obby.png
images/bg outside.png
images/bg outsidecaco2.png
images/bg outsidecoco.png
images/bg outsidecoco3.png
images/cocomenu.png
images/cocotaco_menu.png
images/crunchywrappy hover.png
images/crunchywrappy idle.png
images/desktop.ini
images/game action.png
images/game hover.png
images/game idle.png
images/menu about hover.png
images/menu about idle.png
images/menu hi hover.png
images/menu hi idle.png
images/menu play hover.png
images/menu play idle.png
images/menu settings hover.png
images/menu settings idle.png
images/pizza hover.png
images/pizza idle.png
images/sillydog.png
images/taquito hover.png
images/taquito idle.png
images/textbox.png
tl/.DS_Store
tl/None/common.rpym
tl/None/common.rpymc
saves/_reload-1-LT1.save
saves/_reload-2-LT1.save
saves/auto-1-LT1.save
saves/auto-10-LT1.save
saves/auto-2-LT1.save
saves/auto-3-LT1.save
saves/auto-4-LT1.save
saves/auto-5-LT1.save
saves/auto-6-LT1.save
saves/auto-7-LT1.save
saves/auto-8-LT1.save
saves/auto-9-LT1.save
saves/navigation.json
saves/persistent
audio/boing.mp3
audio/bruh.mp3
audio/click old.mp3
audio/click.mp3
audio/desktop.ini
audio/horror.mp3
audio/menutheme.mp3
audio/normal.mp3
audio/normalwrong.wav
audio/oof.mp3
audio/shake.mp3
audio/tacobeep.mp3
audio/tacochime.mp3
gui/bubble.png
gui/desktop.ini
gui/frame.png
gui/game_menu.png
gui/main_menu.png
gui/namebox.png
gui/notify.png
gui/nvl.png
gui/setting button hover.png
gui/setting button idle.png
gui/skip.png
gui/textbox.png
gui/textbox2.png
gui/thoughtbubble.png
gui/window_icon.png
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/button/check_foreground.png
gui/button/check_selected_foreground.png
gui/button/choice_hover_background.png
gui/button/choice_idle_background.png
gui/button/hover_background.png
gui/button/idle_background.png
gui/button/quick_hover_background.png
gui/button/quick_idle_background.png
gui/button/radio_foreground.png
gui/button/radio_selected_foreground.png
gui/button/slot_hover_background.png
gui/button/slot_idle_background.png
gui/phone/nvl.png
gui/phone/textbox.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/button/check_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/check_selected_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/choice_hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/choice_idle_background.png
gui/phone/button/hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/idle_background.png
gui/phone/button/radio_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/radio_selected_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/slot_hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/slot_idle_background.png
gui/phone/bar/bottom.png
gui/phone/bar/left.png
gui/phone/bar/right.png
gui/phone/bar/top.png
gui/phone/overlay/game_menu.png
gui/phone/overlay/main_menu.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/bar/bottom.png
gui/bar/left.png
gui/bar/right.png
gui/bar/top.png
gui/overlay/confirm.png
gui/overlay/game_menu.png
gui/overlay/game_menu1.png
gui/overlay/main_menu.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_idle_thumb.png
.vscode/settings.json
fonts/SourceSansPro-Italic.ttf
fonts/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
fonts/SourceSansPro-Semibold.ttf
fonts/gill-sans-ultra-bold.ttf
